[Music]
what your hair length reveals about your
personality a lot of the times we decide
to cut the hair and change our look
completely to feel a breath of fresh air
and start a new chapter in our lives
little do we know the hair length may
say a lot about a person's personality
and character the truth is that hair is
one of the features that the finest most
as we choose exactly how it's going to
look and according to one study it is
also a true reflection of our
personality so let's find out what your
hair style says about you it's not pure
science so don't take this too seriously
just have fun with it and get to know
whether these descriptions will suit you
your friends family your boyfriend or
girlfriend let's start with common
women's hair styles number one pixie cut
or very short hair cutting hair short is
a very bold choice for women
unfortunately this beautiful haircut
doesn't suit everyone so you never know
whether it is exactly for you or not
however women with pixie cuts whose
independence strong will and femininity
in the most powerful way if you choose
this hairstyle as your perfect look you
are quite confident sociable flirty and
overall pleasant person you find it very
easy to meet new people and make new
friends you love jobs that allow you to
emphasize your intelligence and you know
exactly how to face problems with
integrity and self-control although
sometimes you can act without thinking
people around you are inspired by your
resilient character and your willingness
to find new and fun adventures well done
you really are the epitome of a strong
and powerful female number two bob cut
or above the shoulder hair style this
haircut is common for females of all
ages and it's no surprise it's very easy
to manage and it gives you pretty much
no trouble decreasing the number of
those annoying bad hair days so if bob
is your go-to haircut at all times you
are a straight forward person who speaks
the truth even when it hurts
sometimes people appreciate it sometimes
they don't but a bitter truth is still
better than a sweet lie right for you
finding a balance between your personal
and professional life is just a piece of
cake
plus you are the queen of multitasking
you are fearless and very well organized
you can't stand routine you do not have
complexes that endlessly make you
insecure
you
with yourself or anyone else you know
what about us guys what surprising
things can our hair length reveal about
us time to find out all the answers
number one nearly shaved hair or bald
head nearly shaved hair or even bald
head often gives other people the
signals of dominance total masculinity
and toughness usually we kind of go for
this hairstyle and appear exactly like
that for everyone around right but does
this really work well simply speaking if
you chose this hairstyle as an ultimate
one for yourself it's not that far from
the truth you'd like to be in control
and feel nervous when you know that you
can't do anything to change the
situation you have a neat sense of humor
which at times catch people by surprise
is they think that guys like you take
themselves way too seriously at the same
time you are very focused and serious
most of the time you are the person that
believes there is a time and place for
everything and one should act
appropriately in any situation you are
quite careful and you know exactly how
to stand up for yourself and be a great
helping hand for everyone around number
to shorten short hair lengths still
proves to be the most popular one among
men it's very easy both to do and to
manage so most men simply ask to Barbara
just to cut it short so what can this
hairstyle say about you first and
foremost you are a very chill person you
are not the biggest party animal if
given the choice you will most likely
just enjoy staying with your friends
indoors
play video games or watch a football or
any other game can be lazy from time to
time but if you are truly excited about
something it can be very hard to stop
you are a very friendly calm and easy to
be around person you're not afraid of
challenges or any type of obstacles
instead of panicking you just start to
analyze the situation and try to find
the way out this helps you to succeed
and easily get out of trouble
number three medium hair medium length
hair gradually becomes more and more
popular there are all sorts of
hairstyles you can do with it plus it
usually looks quite fashionable so you
choose medium length and probably unlike
the previous type are really into
parties clubs and stuff like that you
enjoy being the center of attention
making funny jokes and flirting most of
the time you don't really look for
serious relationships it's not like you
are a womanizer you just live in the
moment and may find it difficult to
commit to someone as you sometimes feel
like it make her tail your freedom
sounds familiar doesn't it but
everything changes when you find your
perfect woman you are definitely a
wonderful boyfriend or husband you
really like traveling in new adventures
you are an amazing narrator and have
numerous hilarious stories to tell the
great guy to be around
[Music]
number four long hair finally guys with
long hair now it's your turn to listen
carefully you are probably already aware
that your look makes multiple women's
hearts beat faster and it's totally
understandable because you probably
appear very artistic and mysterious you
are an introvert you feel comfortable
being on your own and open up only to
people you truly care about your friends
list is short but there are only true
friends there those who stayed with you
through thick and thin you place great
value on friendship and family can be
hard for people to earn your trust once
they do it you will show them all sides
of your personality you are also a deep
thinker which helps you easily find a
creative solution for any problem you
may lean toward artistic types of jobs
not still enjoy doing something creative
as a hobby
playing guitar writing poetry or even
woodworking you are very open minded and
free-spirited in its purest form so
these descriptions match your
personality tell us in the comment
section below while you're down there
don't forget to hit the like button and
share the video with your friends
subscribe to our channel if you want to
see more videos like this and stay on
the bright side
you
[Music]